Why would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping
all your work local?

Remote repositories help in sharing work across different members
of a team working on the same project. It also allows access to
the same project from different machines.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than
having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote
repository?

Manually pulling changes might include commits from other people
that might not be complete

Describe the difference between forks, clones and Branches. When
would you use one instead of the other?

Forks are copies of repositories developed by another person in
to a repository belonging to us on GitHub. Clones are copies of
a repository from GitHub on to our local machines. Clones are
also copies of a local repository on to another location locally.
Branches are different changes to the same code from a certain
point onwards.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of
the remote stored locally?

We can make changes to it locally while working offline while
other changes by other collaborates can then later be fetched
and merged with our changes.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would
be easier, and what would be harder?

I would have to send my code over email or share it over the
network if the other collaborators were on the same network. This
would result in manually merging changes by other collaborator at
one machine. Git and GitHub would be the easier option and manual
collaboration is definitely time comsuming and difficult.
